fix(docs) Resolve 196 mdx lint warnings for just, quickly, actually, PostgreSQL (#47358)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/keeping-free-projects-after-pro-upgrade-Kf9Xm2.mdx

## Can you keep your 2 free projects after upgrading to pro?

> Yes! You still get 2 free projects after you upgrade to Pro. They need to be in a **separate** Free Plan organization.

Author: ```suggestion
Yes. After upgrading to Pro, you still get 2 free projects. They must be in a separate Free Plan organization.
```
